what is volatile, how it is useful
concurrency in java multithreading
java 7 and 8 features (important )
design patterns  (very Imp)
mutlthreading using runnable interface vs thread class
executorservice in java why it it imp?
fork and join
hashmap internal flow
diff between treemap and hashmap
why equals and hashcode method we need to override ? when will ?
diff comprable and comparator interface
how to sort userdefined objects in treemap or treeset
string pool what it is ?
oops concepts
diff betweeen interface and abstract class
when will choose interface and when abstract class
througly prepare collections framework like
diff between arraylist and linkedlist
diff between hashset and treeset
diff between hashmap and treemap
how to sort user defined objects in treeset
diff list vs set vs map
exception handling





can we override private methods and private static methods

what is copy constructor

diff between clone and copycostructor

interface and abstract class usecases

how to create thread by using thread class and runnable interface .. which is one is preferable

thread states with proper understanding

threadlocal class why?

threadlocal vs volatile

diff between iterator and list iterator

hashmap workflow complete

why we need to override hashcode and equls methods

collectionn concepts like sorting, synchronization in all the collections classes
http://www.instanceofjava.com/2015/07/collections-interview-questions-java.html


how sorting can be done in collections and diff between all the collections

how to choose correct collection class i.e best practices in collections framework

what is stack and heap

interview questions on datastructures and algorithms

concurrenthaspmap , copyonwritearlist, copyonwriteset

what is lockstriping in java

what is readwrite lock?

immutable and singleton classes ? usecases for these?

design patterns in java? very imp

what is busy spinning in java

how do u prevent sql injection in java code

what is Session Fixation attack or Cross Site Scripting attack

WeakReference, SoftReference or PhantomReference? and Why should you use them?

getmethod in hashmap workflow

Why Should an Object Used As the Key should be Immutable? 

how to share objects between threads

how to avoid deadlocking

thread safety collection classes

volatile,transient key in java and threadlocal variable also check

what is race conndition inn java

Why wait and notify method are called from synchronized block? 

diff between synchronization and concurrency

what is producer consumer problme

what is stack and heap

avoid deadlock example code

ExecutorService in java

double checking locking in singleton object

diff between serializable and externliable

association , composition, aggregation usecases

diff between programmatic transaction vs declarative transaction

diff types of listerners